---
description: 'Last update: 20 Dec 2023'
---

# 📖 Disclaimer

Evia super-app & its ecosystem products will not be offered in the United States or to U.S. persons or to residents of certain other prohibited jurisdictions. The information provided in this website is for general informational purposes only. It does not constitute, and should not be considered, a formal offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any security in any jurisdiction, legal advice, investment advice, or tax advice. If you are in need of legal advice, investment advice or tax advice, please consult with a professional adviser. The Evia Foundation is under development and is subject to change. As such, the foundation documentation and contents of this website may not reflect the current state of the application at any given time. The documentation and website content are not final and are subject to change.

**Non-Reliance and Risk Disclosure: **_**All numbers, including theoretical APY in this docs, are included for illustrative purposes only and are not a guarantee of performance or return**_**.** The material on this and affiliated websites is for general information only. This material should not be construed as an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any security in any jurisdiction where such an offer or solicitation would be illegal. We are not soliciting any specific action based on this material. For the purposes of U.S. rules and regulations, it does not constitute a recommendation or take into account the particular investment objectives, financial conditions, or needs of individual clients. Before acting on this material, you should consider whether it is suitable for your particular circumstances and, if necessary, seek professional advice. The price and value of the investments referred to in this material and the income from them may go down as well as up, and investors may realize losses on any investments. Past performance is not a guide to future performance. Future returns are not guaranteed, and a loss of original capital may occur. We do not provide tax, accounting, or legal advice, and all investors are advised to consult with their tax, accounting, or legal advisers regarding any potential investment. The material is based on information that we consider reliable, but we do not represent that it is accurate, complete and/or up to date, and it should not be relied on as such. Opinions expressed are our current opinions as of the date appearing on this material only and only represent the views of the author and not those of 'Evia', 'Evia Foundation' or 'Evia Labs', unless otherwise expressly noted.
